Mr Sherlock Holmes, who was usually very late in the mornings, save upon those not infrequent occasions when he stayed up all night, was seated at the breakfast table.
Roger, aged seven, and no longer the youngest of the family, ran in wide zigzags, to and fro, across the steep field that sloped up from the lake to Holly Howe, the farm where they were staying for part of the summer holidays.
It all began with William's aunt, who was in a good temper that morning, and gave him a shilling for posting a letter for her and carrying her parcels from the grocer's
Once upon a time, a little girl named Laura traveled in a covered wagon across the giant prairie.
Dorothy lived in the midst of the great Kansas prairies, with Uncle Henry, who was a farmer, and Aunt Em, who was the farmer's wife.
In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit.
The boy with fair hair lowered himself down the last few feet of rock and began to pick his way towards the lagoon.
If you went too near the edge of the chalk-pit the ground would give way. Barney had been told this often enough.
Once upon a time there was a dear little girl who was loved by everyone who looked at her, but most of all by her grandmother, and there was nothing that she would not have given to the child.
A mouse took a stroll through the deep dark wood.
Once there was a little girl called Sophie.
When Mr Bilbo Baggins of Bag End announced that he would shortly be celebrating his eleventy-first birthday with a party of special magnificence, there was much talk and excitement in Hobbiton.
Mr and Mrs Dursley, of number four Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much.
Once upon a time there were four little Rabbits, and their names were-Flopsy, Mopsy, Cotton-tail, and Peter.
Squire Trelawney, Dr Livesey, and the rest of these gentlemen having asked me to write down the whole particulars about Treasure Island, from the beginning to the end, keeping nothing back but the bearings of the island, and that only because there is still treasure not yet lifted,
Mr. and Mrs. Brown first met Paddington on a railway platform.
Here is Edward Bear, coming down the stairs now, bump bump bump, on the back of his head, behind Christopher Robin.
Once there were four children whose names were Peter, Susan, Edmond, and Lucy.
The Mole had been working very hard all the morning, spring-cleaning his little home.
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do.
